for 25 cents you could get a gumball or
dripped a stack of clothes hey there I'm
Hannah and today I'm making yet another
thrift haul I swear this is like my
third one in a month this month's
special because the clothes for each 25
cents I only got a few things so why
don't you humor me and just see what I
got so I picked up a striped shirt the
tag says perfect from Old Navy and it
really is perfect if you couldn't tell I
kind of like stripes so along that vein
I also got a striped dress I thank the
thrift guides for $0.25 dresses I got a
white shirt that doesn't look good on
camera this yellow thing just so I can
say that I have yellow in my wardrobe
and the tag says that was exclusively
made for Lord and Taylor and you know I
worship the Lord so it's a sign God
wants me to have the shirt I got a very
basic navy dress and I'm sorry not sorry
that it's so wrinkled blame the clothing
companies that keep using rayon it sucks
clothes shouldn't be made of that
material anymore old Navy one more thing
and it's a floral dress it's beautiful
and it looks hand-painted and if I wear
it somebody better take me to a garden
party or really take me anywhere I mean
Donald's minigolf anywhere I can wear
clothes so those are the clothes that I
got but I also got some really
Electronics I got all three of these for
less than a dollar combined the first
one is a movie camera I obviously don't
know how to look through the camera
mine's digital it's for making home
movies or spying on your neighbors I got
a vintage Canon film camera and if this
seems random it's because I collect film
cameras I could basically open up my own
Museum with how many I have and the last
thing is basically what my dreams are
made of it's like the perfect 80 style
camera if you grew up in the 80s which I
didn't then you might recognize this
kind of camera this actually came with a
bag instructions a charger the whole
nine yards so I'm definitely gonna test
it like ASAP to see if it works the less
than a buck you can't go wrong so thank
you for joining me for this very super
quick short just for tall hope you liked
it if you did you can hit the like
button and if you want to see more
videos from me you can subscribe to my
channel and if you're really feeling
friendly you can follow me all over the
Internet I post on facebook Instagram
Twitter Tumblr Pinterest basically
wherever there is internet you can count
on me to be there so again thank you for
watching and I hope to see you guys in
my next video which I promise will not
be another threat tada
I promise